I'm currently standing on a Rashid
Street here this street is where starts
and as you see surrounding me all of
these people fled from the intense
bombing and air strikes and also the
ground Invasion where the Israeli forces
tanks are stationed in this area people
surrounding me took all of they what
they have Under Fire they're telling us
that there's standing here and they're
sitting here they have zero places to go
and not only that they also don't have
any type of
transportation we are seeing people
walking on their grounds holding their
belongings we are also seeing
people with trucks where families are
sharing uh these trucks to evacuate
either this way to Rafa and more south
of the Gaza Strip or this way
to to the center of the Gaza City let's
take a a look and see how people are
evacuating with this is all of what is
left where these people have been
homeless and displaced more than one
time as you see more people are coming
and evacuating from
kenun this is not the first first time
we have been seen seeing this this scene
as if it's a movie or a documentary
documenting uh people evacuating and
fleeing their homes just like the NABA
in 1948 but this is real it's happening
in
2024 as you see people are frustrated we
see how scared they are in their eyes
and they're all searching for a place
we're talking about where most more than
half of the population of the Kaza strip
is currently residing there it's packed
and and we're talking about which is
also packed with people and a lot of
people are also scared of another
Invasion on ala hospital this area is
very close to Al nasur hospital where it
has been besieged and people are scared
from the fact that hospitals are also a
Target this isind
Al make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from
alaza